strong green signal number three is
still in force limb far has intensified
into a typhoon this morning at 11am it
was located about 250 kilometers if not
piece of hong kong and is forecast to
move west at about 16 km/h to the
vicinity of pearl river delta region
during the past few hours it moved in
the westward track its center was
located over the near the coastal region
although it has shown some signs of
weakening we do not expect a rapid
change in its intensity according to our
forecast track Linda will come close to
Hong Kong tonight and tomorrow morning
and pose a threat to Hong Kong the hong
kong observatory will consider issuing
the number achilles no means that note
this afternoon from the way the pictures
we can see that the ring bands
associated with limbu started to affect
hong kong the center of lymph I is also
well depicted in this radar picture as
limber comes closer we do expect that
the weather will change significantly
especially around dusk and there will be
frequent scollay showers winds will
strengthen and there will be swells in
the seas with this rapid change of
weather members of the public are
advised to take up all the precautionary
measures stay away from shorelines and
stop engaging and the water spots the
weather for tomorrow there will still be
scholarly showers but the weather will
improve in the following few days